Version 8.1:
   Fixed display bugs with spell ranks. 
   Until Blizzard has fixed the client, you need to load also the
   Addon "Classic Spell Ranks", in order to have spell ranks info at all. 

Version 8.0:
   Released again to the public, because it works nicely with wow classic.

Version 3.0:
   Adapted to game version 3.0.3 and api changes  
                                                
Version 2.4.021:  
   Changed : The default setting for using the cursor
             keys has been changed.
   Improved: Combat events are ignored for persons
             who have left the group but are still
             in the combat log list.
   Bugfix  : Deathcounter was counting player
             deaths twice.

Version 2.4.020:  
  Improved: Average for healing spells was calculated
            after subtraction of overheal. This has
            been changed to show the real potential
            of the different healing spells.
    New : New column "N". It shows how often a spell
          has been used. Due to this change, YACL
          will reset to defaults once you install
          the new version.   
    New : Automatic reset of combatlog when entering
          an instance or arena.       
    Bugfix: Removed an annoying sync error message.         

Version 2.4.019:  
    New : Added tooltip to show pet ownership in name
          column.
    New : Added tooltip to show percentage of pet
          contribution relative to owner.     
    New : Combat log reset requires confirmation.          
    New : Spamming data requires confirmation.          


Version 2.4.018:  
    Bugfix: Calculations for "miss" and "block" values
            were incorrect, results were too big.

Version 2.4.017:  
    New   : The minibars are now configurable. If you
            leave the minibar setting on default,
            they follow the main mode as before.
            There is even a new mode called "D+H"
            which will show the sum of damage and
            healing done (something for the hybrid's
            ego).
    New   : Incoming damage includes also enviromental
            damage like walking through lava or falling
            damage.        

Version 2.4.016:  
    New   : Added HPS column and HPS title display.
    Bugfix: Percentage calculations that included pet 
            damage were wrong.
    Improvement: Less memory garbage when creating sync
            messages.
            
Version 2.4.015:  
    Bugfix: Switching between delta and summary mode
            was buggy. I did not work if you had some
            other addons installed. 

Version 2.4.014:  
    Bugfix: The bugdevil himself disabled spamming into
            the chat. This important function is fixed !
    New   : It is possible to switch of sync completely.
            Use "/yacl sync off/on" to do that.  
    New   : In the settings menu you can define the title
            display in minimized mode. So far you can 
            choose Clock/Fight duration/DPS display.            

Version 2.4.013:  
    Improvement: Sync data is now send much more carefully.
            Bandwith has been reduced further, and is 
            controlled by ChatThrottleLib that is also 
            part of ACE. No more disconnects ... 
            Attention: YACL version 2.4.013 does not sync
            with older versions. 
    New   : The interface can be completely hidden. Use
            the command "/yacl hide" and "/yacl show" to
            do this.
    Bugfix: Max values were rising on sync clients upon
            local value reset.               
    

Version 2.4.012:  
    Minor Bugfix: The new DoTs and Hots were not received
                  by sync clients.

Version 2.4.011:  
    New   : DoTs and Hots are now properly separated from 
            normal spells.This solves many problems like 
            wrong average values.
    New   : Minibars show also values.      
    New   : Added tooltip for percentage values to show
            the accuracy of the data.   
    Bugfix: The "most annoying" YACL function was broken -
            the "auto popup" after combat.         

Version 2.4.010:  
    New   : Here come all the fight details .. 
            What I did wrong so far, was to only count
            full physical misses. That was so *bites himself*.
            Now we are counting all the little details ...

Version 2.4.009:  
    New   : Last fight mode versus summary mode
    New   : YACL is producing a sound when you enter a new
            fight. The sound can be disabled with the
            command "/yacl sound off".
    New   : Added glancing and dodge counters in detailed
            view.        
    Bugfix: Petdamage wasn't added correctly causing wrong
            DPS and crit/misschance values 
    Improved: I finally learned how to disable the layout
              caching system. Hurray. This time, the 
              windows should really stay in place :)    
    Improved: Algorithm for DPS calculation.      

Version 2.4.008:  
    Improved: network code optimisations.
    Improved: The icons were badly aligned after recent
              changes in the texture code.
    Improved: The settings frame was not colored correctly.    
    Changed : Spamming reports is now done with one entry
              per line. Only the top 10 entries will be
              reported. Nevertheless you can now easily 
              saturate your upload-limit with that.
    Improved: Columns dynamically change width. Can be jumpy
              when scrolling at the moment ...        
                      
Version 2.4.007:  
    New : Whenever you join a group or a raid, the combat
          log will reset automatically. That option
          can be switched off with "/yacl autoreset off".
          Default is ON. 
    New : Settings dialog is implemented.      
    Bug : The command "/yacl bars" without parameter
          produced an error. Sorry.
    Bug : The wrong column was selected on startup.      
    Improved : The slash commands all work also without
               parameters.              
    Improved : Changed text alignment in grid to make
               it more readable.                       

Version 2.4.006:  
    New : the mini bargraph now shows damage/healing 
          outgoing/incoming according to the main windows 
          settings
    New : You can change the maximum amount of bars with the 
          slashcommand "/yacl bars n" (with n=[0..20])
    Improved: New artwork for the mini bargraphs
    Bugfix  : windows finally stay where the user placed them.

Version 2.4.005:  
    Bug : major typo caused wrong sync values.

Version 2.4.004:  
    New: "auto hide" option can be changed via
         slash commands. Default is ON.
    New: "auto show" option can be changed via
         slash commands. Default is OFF.
    New: If not assigned otherwise, YACL will
         assign the key ^ to open the big window.
    New: In minimized mode, you will see the
         top 10 damage dealers as bargraph. 
         Very much like the classic old damagemeter. 


Version 2.4.003:  
    Bugfix : counting too many misses (dodged is not a miss)
    Bugfix : it was impossible to leave the detailed view
             if it was empty.

Version 2.4.002:  
    YACL is now properly tracking totems.
    Big window is closing upon "right click", so it is auto-
    matically closing if you want to interact with something 
    behind it (like looting).
    Added some artwork for the background

Version 2.4.001:  
    I hoped for a bugfix in the combat log system - it did not come.
    So here comes the workaround for proper death counting.
    Using the cursor keys to scroll in the sheet is now an option.
    Change the option with /yacl cursor on/off
    Fixed texture positions bug
    Spamming reports into chat window is implemented

Version 2.4:  
    Removed an spamming debug output

Version 2.4.5: (Prerelease)
    Fixed minor taint issues  (no taint at all now)
    Adjusted max message length to avoid server disconnect
    Fixed slider colors

Version 2.4.4: (Prerelease)
    Bugfix for synchronisation of crushing counter
    Bugfix for death counter
    added DAMAGE_SHIELDS (Thorns etc)
    Graphics for sliders are implemented
    Bugfix for wrong window size when switching between chars.

Version 2.4.3: (Prerelease)
    Implemented the artwork for hunter pets ,warlock deamons 
    and mage elementals.
    Rogue icon was not functional
    Petdamage is now added to the owners totals. Nevertheless
    the pet is still shown so everbody can see the contribution
    of the pet.
    Pets are a little bit grayed out in the overview.

Version 2.4.2: (Prerelease)
    Fixed a startup graphic bug
    Druid icon was not functional

Version 2.4.1: (Prerelease)
    Improved internal party member handling
    Implemented vertical scrolling, although sliders are still missing

Version 2.4: (Prerelease)
    First released version.
